Smash Brothers has been a big
competitive sport for a really long time
now and it's honestly the only eSport
that I personally enjoy watching
fighting games are really easy to
understand and I play Smash Brothers so
I know enough about it to enjoy all of
the technical words that they throw
around if you put on a game of Starcraft
you might as well put on football you
might as well be speaking a different
language every time you see one of these
high level tournaments you're guaranteed
to see one of these types of controllers
it might just look like a regular old
GameCube controller but it's got a lot
of very subtle modifications that could
save a game for you although chances are
you're losing games because of you and
not the controller it's you this video
is brought to you by rage sad oh I'm
just kidding
there's no there's no spots I'm Josh
yeah the GameCube and it's controller
were brought into this world in 2001 and
shortly after that in the same year with
smash brothers melee and after all of
the innovations that Nintendo has made
since then the GameCube controller is
still the most recommended controller
for Super Smash Brothers ultimate I have
to admit before Smash Brothers ultimate
I was a bit of a hater myself it's been
almost 20 years it's time to let it go
there's got to be something better out
there but I quickly realized that this
is probably the most optimized
controller layout for Smash Brothers
ultimate the important button is right
in the middle the beef special button
acts as kind of like an emergency button
the two jump buttons are just within
reach but kind of off to the side
there's a button hierarchy here compared
to a pro controller where all the
buttons are just kind of there but
despite this there's still people who
prefer the pro controller for spatulas
altum it and that's fine too there's no
right or wrong answer here there's no
exact science it's all just preference
regardless of which tool you prefer they
can still be made better for the job at
hand the GameCube controller
still has a little more room to grow
since it's almost 20 freaking years old
multi shine makes custom
cube and pro controllers for tournament
level play the Gamecube which or that
they sent us is just a regular old smash
ultimate GameCube controller that you
could once find for 30 bucks but now you
can only find them marked up somewhere
between fifty and seventy dollars but of
course it's heavily modified the springs
of the Ellen are buttons have been cut
for a faster triggering time the Ellen R
pads were also perforated for faster
inputs and smoother clicks the analog
stick holes have additional notches
carved into them for more precise
directional inputs on both sticks the
X&Y buttons are lowered also for faster
inputs and the stick boxes have been
swapped for new broken-in stick boxes
and the c stick now has an analog stick
box also this particular one was fitted
with all white buttons for quote the
Wolf Den look well thank you very much
very much appreciate that what if we
just ah there we go I have to admit when
I first used this controller and
compared it directly to a stock GameCube
controller I didn't really notice much
of a difference really just the notches
but that doesn't really feel like it
makes much of a difference for I play
style I still accidentally side-b when I
mean to up B and I tend to flick the
stick for smash attacks but different
play styles could very much benefit from
these notches for me it was a lot easier
as a pokemon trainer made till edge trap
the charms are with his tilts Amy
squirtle squirtle also can reach below
the ledge by tilting his tilt downwards
and also it's good for that if you aim
it up so if your character has moves
like that where you can tilt them then
again it's useful in that regard the
notches are probably more beneficial for
melee I talked to Nick see one of the
top falcon mains in the world we're
gonna keep things even for the both of
us no no it is not probably the top one
he explained that a good example would
be Fox's recovery which has almost a
limitless range of movement in melee so
micro adjustments matter
and nailing that directional input could
be the difference between making it back
to the stage or losing an entire set
multi shine also has different knotch
options like 1/2 notches and sweet spot
notches for more precise wavedashing and
shield dropping in melee so maybe that
better suits your play style the other
modifications on this controller I
didn't notice at first but then after
reading the list of modifications and
after knowing what I'm looking for now I
can easily tell the difference the cut L
in our Springs and perforated pads lead
to slightly faster inputs for shields
parrying and spot dodging the shoulder
buttons are probably my least favorite
part of the GameCube controllers design
the travel distance is so needlessly
long it's part of why I preferred the
PDP fight pad for so long shields
parrying and spot dodges require
split-second sometimes frame perfect
timing anything that could help get
those out faster is a huge plus
sometimes it feels like the shield takes
a whole year to come out in this game
the X&Y buttons being lower it makes
short hopping a breeze I basically just
straight up avoid short hopping because
I'm so bad at nailing 1/2 press I just
usually stick to pressing Y and a at the
same time which became kind of registers
as a hotkey for a short hop neutral air
it's short hopping for dummies like me
can you see all this dust that's flying
around you but this controller really
does make a slight tap of the X or Y
buttons register a short hop almost
every time I try the stick box is being
swapped and greased didn't really do
much for me couldn't really tell the
difference just went right over my head
I'm sure other people could tell the
difference not me
multi shine also makes modified pro
controllers the modification options are
much more limited than the GameCube
controller options the one we got only
has notches in the stick holes and
greased stick boxes but they were a big
hit among the two people that I know who
used pro controllers for smash the pro
controllers stick hole is just a big
circle at least the stock GameCube
controller has octagonal notches you can
customize the controllers however you
want on the multi shine website and
every controller is custom built based
on the modifications that you pick
so depending on the modifications that
you pick you could be looking at
spending a pretty penny the controllers
that they sent us were pretty much fully
decked out with modifications guess how
much this is we're talking about the
game that's a pretty good guess you want
to try again very very wrong four
hundred and twenty one dollars four
hundred and twenty one dollars with all
those modifications I feel like it's not
gonna make that much difference either
all right you're up yes the pro
controller
is it more or less than cuter well I'll
tell you that in less modifications 575
for a pro controller you think it costs
more than your house is less 325 it is
224 up it is $100 just for the
controller the controller means more to
me I valued it higher they also sell
do-it-yourself mod kits like you can
just get the faceplate that has the
notches cut into them already but once
you select the notch options that you
want you're still gonna be paying a
pretty penny
this isn't sponsored or anything but
multi shine did give us a discount code
so you can get 10% off if you use the
code wolf so I mean every little bit
counts right so now that you know the
price who is this controller for
personally I would recommend this
controller to almost nobody it's not
gonna make you any better at smash like
I said before if you're losing matches
it's probably your fault I have friends
who constantly ask me what type of
camera lenses they should get like I got
money burning a hole in their pocket and
they just gotta spend it on something
and I always tell them when you need one
you will know the one to get this is the
same situation when you get to the point
in your smash ultimate journey where you
notice your whiffing short hops or maybe
you have certain texts that would be
modified by having controller notches
then you'll know exactly what
modifications to get in a multi shine
controller and you could start saving
your money accordingly maybe start going
to locals more and use your winnings to
help fund it like an investment would
you get that pro controller yeah you
would
I think that having the notches in there
feels a lot better than it just being
this movies certainly and III would do
to merely feel like for me the the
changes to the controller helped me play
better I don't think that that's the
case for everybody but but again if
you're not playing tournaments seriously
and $400 doesn't just shoot out of your
nose every time you sneeze then this
controller probably isn't for you help
Nixie still uses a stock a GameCube
controller and he's doing just fine I
love this controller I think it might be
my favorite controller in my collection
now it's certainly the most expensive
beating out the mix box one but I like I
like actually using this controller but
I don't think I've ever could have
justified purchasing one of these on my
own
four hundred dollars multi shine is such
a powerful name in the smash community
so I'm super happy to finally have
gotten my hands on one for a review I
finally see the appeal of this thing
firsthand but I don't play competitively
and when the difference is between a
$30.00 controller and a $400 controller
with very subtle differences I'll just
take the width perry i would say only
get this controller if you see what it
offers and you know how you can use that
in practice like don't try to justify it
to yourself
once you see okay these notches are year
or for the game controllers if you
immediately think to yourself oh that'll
make me better at X then the controller
might be for you but if you're trying to
convince yourself that you need it you
don't need it so what did you like about
the controls if you're gonna do a
tournament would you be upset and not
having the multi shot controller mmm
probably not we're not the first
tournament in a second how's the sushi
gonna be yours
what do you guys think about these multi
shine modded GameCube and pro
controllers is this something that you'd
be interested in do you think there
would be a way to help out your Smash
Brothers game with one of these maybe
you need those notches for certain text
maybe you just want one but you don't
even play smash that much even the
comments below add me on Twitter and you
know all this other social media garbage
I also couldn't really fit this into the
video but I got I got one of these guys
it's a it's an ICO adapter it's just
GameCube to USB because I was sick of
the big bulky and Nintendo adapter that
has four ports it takes up two USB slots
this just goes right at the end of the
controller and it was only five bucks on
Amazon anyway we're giving one of these
controllers away to one of you people in
a tournament you have to win it you have
to fight for it this will be an
online-only tournament to be held
February 15th and February 16th and you
must be part of our disk or to enter so
go to the description there'll be a
forum in there you need to fill out and
follow all the directions spots are
limited but we're gonna be randomly
picking people who sign up that way
everybody gets a fair shake just make
sure you're responsive when you get
picked if you just want to watch it
it'll be streamed that Sunday here on
this channel and you can win one of
these decked out multi shine GameCube
controllers of course we got new videos
here all the time our schedule is
usually in a pin tweet over on a Twitter
and we got a Wolf Den live every single
Wednesday here at 8 p.m. eastern time on
YouTube that's our live podcast we
talked to you guys there we got streams
over on twitch.tv slash Wolf's den but
you want to turn on notifications over
there cuz that's more of it that's every
week but it's like more like a little
loose thing but of course the most
important things that you can do is just
subscribe that's the easiest and look to
make sure that you're subscribed right
now because you might be just relying on
the homepage and suggestion feeds to get
these videos and that's not enough and
share this video with a friend a friend
that you play smash with it maybe you
can gawk at these very expensive
patrollers thank you guys very much
[Music]
you